i'm getting super creative on how i do
growth and i always have been it's just
the way my mind works
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
the typical
strategies that
your run-of-the-mill expert marketer
uses is i'm an expert in facebook like
that's the big one i'm a facebook
advertising and facebook slash instagram
and they know a little bit about google
sometimes and even less so about youtube
but what about these other platforms now
like you have tick tock and snapchat and
these other places that you can actually
advertise and this thing i keep calling
like tabool or the uh display ads
what about all these other sources of
traffic do you do you think that um
it makes sense nowadays to start
putting some of your budget towards
things like tick tock snapchat and are
there certain things that convert well
on those platforms and things that don't
convert well what do you think about
that
sure so if you have an app like a
product
most of platforms convert really well
for that ecommerce works really well in
tik-tok and snapchat pinterest uh
taboola and outbrain work really well
for lead generation courses um
reddit works well for a lot of different
industries as well other than e-commerce
so when you think about these platforms
and they work for b2b and b2c
and there's different platforms out
there google and facebook of course are
the best because they drive you the most
volume and they're the easiest to scale
and when i talk about google i also
include youtube within google right just
like instagram is owned by facebook but
there's an issue
they're expensive
taboo and outbreak may not scale as well
but they're fractions of the cost you
can literally spend sometimes a fifth a
six sometimes a tenth and get great
conversions can you ramp it up to a
hundred grand a month on some of these
platforms no
but who cares if you can spend two three
five ten thousand dollars a month and
you're getting a solid roi
because if you do that on six seven of
these platforms it adds up and then go
tackle the big players later on
but i think they're actually a better
opportunity especially if you're
starting off or if you're a small
business
so what would you of those alternative
like taboo what are the top three or
four that you think are the best ones
that people should should experiment
with
aquaman tabula and outbrain because
they're very similar so i'll put them as
number one number two would be snap
number three would be tick-tock number
four would be pinterest number five and
this is b2b it's expensive but it
converts well which would be linked
linkedin
okay
and
um
do you in terms of uh
you think it's in that you mentioned
that like so with tick tock and it's
more about econ it's good for e-commerce
there's certain certain offerings that
are better on certain platforms you're
recommended like for instance b2b is
more about linkedin what would you say
in terms of the others is it be equally
good b to b b to c or any industry
specific um recommendations
uh snapchat and tick tock b to c
pinterest b to c
uh taboola outbrain they work for both b
to c and b to b all taboo albright works
for pretty much any industry
what do you think it is that
separates
a great marketer
from an average marketer in the world of
like the whole facebook instagram what
we're talking about here i don't mean at
your level i'm talking about the average
person you see right now that's sort of
like you know there's a million and one
agencies right you probably laugh when
you hear that word right uh because
they're just you know a lot of one-man
shops but i respect the entrepreneurial
effort what do you think it is that
separates the good ones from the bad
ones is it
some of the ones that are more uh into
the testing side of things is it about
the creatives they create what do you
think it really is that makes a good a
good marketer or a good marketing agency
i think it's creativity so not
necessarily the creatives that they're
creating but the creativity like the
ideas and the concepts that they're
coming up with because right now
everything is saturated we all have to
go omni channel leverage all the
channels out there to do well
so your only way to win is thinking
outside the box
for example
when i talk about seo everyone's going
to be creating content doing cue
research doesn't mean you shouldn't do
it no huge roi but if you want to really
do well you got to think outside the box
and here's an example of that
in my industry if i wanted to bid on my
traffic it would cost me somewhere
around one and a half to two million
dollars a month just on ads just for
google
okay that's a lot of
money that would be burning each month
i can't afford that that's a lot of cash
it would eat away at my margins my
business wouldn't be profitable
on the flip side i did things a way like
create a free tool and just give it away
right and i was just like if i take what
people are charging for give it away i
can get a lot of people just like those
assessment tests when you're talking
about sales everyone knows about those
assessment tests if hey would this be a
good sales person to hire creating those
for free on your
on your website and releasing them out
there can get a lot of links
it can get a lot of traffic a lot of
rankings and then that way when you
create the content you're already going
to have more eyeballs more social
followings and you're going to do well
that's example of creativity or like
upsells down sells or creating better
funnels all examples of creativity and i
think that's what it takes to do really
well in marketing these
so let's slow down for a second here
because that's an interesting uh
perspective i think that
most people nowadays overlook this whole
idea of organic traffic seo right so i
think for me i've been fortunate because
i have a brand so i get a lot of organic
traffic where people will either maybe
uh you know see something about me or
read or watch the movie and then come
but what about the person that doesn't
have that how do you
the real
methodology for for getting yourself are
you talking about getting ranked on the
first page of google is that really what
you what you're talking about here yep
okay right so so what is it really about
the fact that most people spend their
days making video content but video
content isn't what gets you ranked high
because it's not block they can't they
can't crawl it sometimes you're saying
turn it into a blog where people the
computers can actually read it is that
what you're saying that's correct now
they are getting better at crawling
video content but it doesn't rank that
well like anytime you do a google search
almost all the results are text based
and if you don't have a brand see when i
started off i didn't have a brand and my
brand's nowhere near the size of yours
i get right now 10 million visits to my
website each month without ads
and then what happened was all those
visitors through seo
ended up helping to build my brand so
now on any given month i get around 180
000 visits just from google of people
typing in my name neil patel and
clicking on over to my website
but it first started off where i was
getting zero people looking for my name
i was creating all this content and when
you're creating all this content
eventually you start getting traffic and
then people start subscribing and it
eventually builds your brand